---
layout: post
categories: [Jekyll, Markdown]
tags: [soopr, config]
description: "A detailed guide on creating meta tags for Jekyll Markdown posts."
image: /images/logo.png

---


To start with, well before there were PCs, I was running Unix on minicomputers. My first "work area" was the Bourne shell on a VT-102 terminal. I cut my teeth on shell orders. In this way, normally, early Linux came effectively to me. Linux turned 30 last year and it was about this time 30 quite a while back that I began utilizing it on a work area.

Be that as it may, enough of nerd sentimentality. Genuine I'm as yet open to running a Bash-based terminal for my work area, yet I don't need to. Notwithstanding the timeless trash about how hard Linux is to utilize, anybody - anybody - can utilize it today. Hell 10 years prior, I showed my then 82-year-old mother by marriage how to run Linux and we didn't share a typical language! She's a local Spanish speaker, I grew up with English, and neither of us has a lick of ability in learning different dialects.

In this way, the primary concern is, regardless of the amount somebody lets you know that "Linux is hard!" They're off-base. OK, I'd never have a novice attempt say Arch Linux, Knoppix, or Slackware, yet at the same it's 2022. You don't need to do Linux the most difficult way possible.

Actually, I suggest Linux Mint both for rookies and for prepared seasoned professionals, similar to, well … me. Why? Since its default Cinnamon point of interaction is not difficult to utilize. In the event that you can run Windows, you can run Mint. All things considered, Mint is a lot simpler.

Valid, except if you purchase a PC with Linux previously introduced, you should introduce it yourself. Yet, hi, you can purchase PCs with Linux currently on them today.

Simply go to Amazon and you'll see Linux workstations from HP and Lenovo. Then again, you can arrange one straightforwardly from Dell. I especially favor the Dell XPS 13 models. Or then again, you can arrange one from an organization like System76. They make incredible boxes and have their own simple to-utilize Linux distro, Pop!_OS.

On the off chance that you choose to introduce Linux, you really want to know a smidgen about your PC. However, truly, everything reduces to knowing how to consume an ISO picture to a USB stick, rebooting your PC from it, playing with it to ensure it works, and afterward squeezing the introduce button. That truly is essentially the long and short of it.

Another interminable grumbling is "It's so difficult to introduce programs on Linux!" Oh please! Sure you can in any case introduce programming with able get and so forth, and so on, yet what's the point? You simply utilize the GNOME programming installer, the Mint Software Manager, or a comparable quest for a program and press a button installer. There's no reason to worry about it.

What's the point by any means? There are such countless reasons.

To begin with, Linux is undeniably safer than Windows - or macOS besides. I mean Windows has its own day of the month - Patch Tuesday - only for fixes.

Valid, "safer" isn't exactly the same thing as entirely secure, yet security is an interaction, not an item. Any individual who tells you in any case is attempting to sell you something. In any case, in the 30 years I've been running work area Linux I have never - never - even experienced malware or an infection. My Linux servers on the net are gone after many times each day and until this point, the score is Steven 100 - Hackers nothing.

Linux programming is quite often free. LibreOffice, for instance, is just as great as Microsoft Office and won't cost you a penny. Indeed, there are a few projects, Adobe Photoshop, that can only with significant effort be supplanted on Linux on account of its outsider programming biological system. In any case, in the event that all you really want is essential picture control, Gimp will work well for you and it's additionally free.

Let's assume you should - must! - have Microsoft Office. Fine, then run the free Microsoft Office Online web applications off your #1 Web program all things being equal. There are alternate ways of running the full forms of Office, and different Windows-just applications, on Linux with projects like Wine, CrossOver, or just run Windows on Linux with a virtual machine programming like VirtualBox. Yet, concession, this large number of techniques are perplexing.

At last, not at all like Microsoft and Apple, Linux merchants are not investigating my shoulder. Microsoft has made obviously they see the eventual fate of Windows is on the cloud. Apple, obviously, controls everything on its Macs. Me? I like having control of my frameworks. I'm outdated like that. On the off chance that you're not worried about your security or who eventually possesses your PC, that is fine - yet that is not the manner in which I roll.

Looking forward I don't see myself ever not running Linux on my work area. Check it out, you could actually find it's by and large the thing you want also.